Userflow: https://www.figma.com/board/yCtWqGWV82uz9wh8naO56L/Anvago-User-Flow?node-id=0-1&t=bG8oZE66W0ZAq33k-1

I am building an app for a hackathon. Our app is called Anvago - a travel planning app where the user is able to plan their trip when they come to Danang, Vietnam (for now, and the world later). The file already contain the docs/ that contains. DESIGN_SYSTEM.md where the app's design is detailed and the examples are provided.
For a bit of context the hackathon final is hosted by Grab and it's in 9 days. I want it to function as well as possible so I can demonstrate our technical ability.
As for techstack, it's a web app and should be built using react and nodejs typescript as the backend, postgres and whichever storage necessary. As for auth, you should use regular email signup and OAuth with Google, Facebook, use a dummy key, I'll add real ones later.
The userflow consist of three main steps. Following this, we should first construct a requirement doc to keep everything tracked and organized. If you have any questions while reading these, make sure to ask me before proceeding, you can freestyle some of the options.

1. First is Onboarding where the user (no login required) is led through a series of questions to determine their needs though every question is skippable. There should be two sub sections. One is dedicated to asking essential questions like 'Do you have any destination in mind? (within Danang for now)' and 'How long are you going to stay in Danang?' and then a series of gamified questions where the user is asked things like (1) Which of these personas best describe you? - a list of traveller personas. (2) Which of these locations matches your vibe? - a series of tinder-swipe cards of images of Danang '(3) What do you have in mind?' - a series of emojis/icons of items that the user can pick from ... invent more questions if you see fit. Every question should be skippable and user will have the option of picking multiple questions. We will also pull up a quick weather report to demonstrate that we use external info to personalize trip as well.
   Then the user will be shown a list of preplanned itineraries based on their preference as well as relevant local data (from weather and traffic). They can see this without signing in. They have the option to 'reroll' where they are led back to the selection process.
   They can see the detailed itinerary and the transportation plan for them (Grab bike, Grab car, walking, rickshaw,...) and presented with three options Customize, Schedule and Go now. They will be prompted to login if they want to pick any of those.
2. Second is the trip planning process. Once a logged in user selects an itinerary, they will be given a UI of simple drag-and-drop-able cards. This will contain much of the paid features. The basic UI (no paying, just login) will allow the user to drag and drop locations within the itinerary, search for other locations and add them in. 
   For the paid features, we will have Anva smart search where the user is able to simply click on the card and pick a replacement within the same radius, same budget or same category.
   Paid will include Go AI optimization it's a simple button 'Optimize with Go AI' that will optimize the itinerary to the best of its ability and there will be a drop down within the button that allows for specific optimization of the itinerary (for the indoors, outdoors, vibe, budget, walking distance, maximize and such...) when clicked, it would show the optimized map side by side and the user could accept or reject. Next we have the 'Localize by Anva' where the app would highlight and then also show a side by side of whichever item in the map with another of similar category with 'Anva stamp of Authenticity' and show the stamped version in its place. User can accept or reject each here. Finally, we have a deep integration of all the booking apps where the user can make booking through booking.com for example right through our app.
3. Third is Trip in progress where the user would select Go now or it has came time for their trip Schedule. The app would have the timeline, the map, preferably Google map or some map integrated right in there. For live tracking and routing this feature would rely heavily on Geofencing and GPS to identify where the user is. We will act as background agent reminding the user of their schedule. We will offer transportation to the user when they start their trip and whichever next step if applicable. We will send notification and display within the app. 'Ready to go? Book your Grab bike now.' or 'Are you ready for the next destination? Get Grab bike or your preferred form of transport.' or 'It seems you are enjoying this destination. We pushed your schedule back by 30 minutes.' if they response late or seem to ignore everything. We also have 'Anva Smart Routing' where if the live weather report detects rainy or difficult weather or traffic, we would offer reroute to another spot. 
---
The frontend is built and it connects correctly to the backend but it is not quite up to standard and doesn't look and act how a regular application would work so I am activating you. It seems to be built clearly by a model just following command and couldn't reasonably think of design by itself. I want you to help me polish the experience, not only think of the code but the user experience. For example on the onboarding stage, we have a 'essential question' section. While I did ask for 'essential questions to be added' I didn't say it has to state essential question and it need be text fillouts. I want you to help me redeisgn the flow so that it best fits with a human's user flow for any pages you see room for improvement. This is built for a hackathon presented before thousands so I want it polished to get that Grab internship. 